---
id: 132
title: July 2007 Tram Game
date: 2007-07-02T07:33:00+00:00
author: mpackard
layout: post
#guid: http://aquamap.net/blog/?p=132
#permalink: /?p=132
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Arif & Sylvia&#8217;s Tram Game Rules:

&#8212;

TRAM GAME: Official Rules

Each team will receive a list of 10 tram stops at 18:00. On each list, one of the stops will be highlighted. The team must start by going to this stop. After that, you can choose 7 more stops on the list and go to these stops in any order you choose. The game will start at 18:30 so you have a little time to plan your route. We will provide you with a tram map. At each stop, you should take a picture of at least one team member standing in front of the sign for that stop.

There should be no problem to finish one bottle of wine during the game. If you want to drink more than one bottle, that is also fine. But, you will have to bring the extra drinks yourself.

Points will be counted based on how each team performs. The team that has the most points is the winner and gets the prize. Points are awarded as follows:

Take picture at 8 stops and get to Milchbuck first: 50 points

Take picture at 8 stops and get to Milchbuck second: 25 points

Take picture at 8 stops and get to Milchbuck third: 10 points

Drink extra bottles of wine after first bottle: 5 points each

Take a picture of billet control guys: 5 points

Take a picture of you with billet control guys: 10 points

Silvia and I will play the game, but even if we do finish with the most points, we cannot win the prize. The prize is a secret!!!

If you trust us to buy the wine, that’s ok. If you prefer to bring your own bottle(s), that’s fine too. Just let us know. So, see you on Sunday at 18:00. Happy tram hopping!!!
